It's over. It's over.
The Lin family is over
Lin Shishi offended author Zhao
The Lin family is about to disappear
Your Majesty, please help our Lin family
I don't want the Lins to disappear
Don't be afraid, I'm here.
You annoyed Uncle Zhao
It's all right now.
Not just you
Everyone else got signed with you
You should kneel down and apologize to Uncle Zhao
Don't be like your mother is a cartilage
I want to kneel down when I encounter anything
I want you to shut up
I almost forgot about you if you didn't speak
You are the culprit
Good idea.
I will be in front of Uncle Zhao and his grandfather today
Let him teach you a good lesson
No, let's see if you dare to fight back here today
Hey uncle has something to do
I said he was crazy, why are you hitting me?
When will I work for Zhao Zhenhao?
I also need you, a junior, to point fingers
You also saw
Now because of you I'm implicated too
I tell you boy
You implicated them
Just wait to be destroyed
Your Wang Wangzhao
It's all about the temporary division
It has nothing to do with our Lin family
Don't worry until the end of the banquet meeting.
Our Lin family will definitely give you an explanation.
Now I declare the owner of the order
Miss Lin